you realize that asks who in Altenberger actions first time saw Plus
by Carl Zeiss the eyewear manufacturer has arrived in its second revision
it was already the first one
he did not introduce me
because they were extremely incompatible with the previous leaders when Sion was
I just do it sometimes buys percent the package consists of one of these stores
a little on pack with the packaging way
so that now the citizens come right to the
the essay around
is synonymous Akkupack that is, the video will go to the
spent on port or iPhone from port
There are so many different types of plastic
there are quite a few with the half compatible with the iPod Touch
iPhone to the iPhone Classic Especially as a pot has Skoda sounds on iPod Reckless
Tickets for was
otherwise, this little battery pack will lead to 8 hours of playtime
you say
in practice No, definitely more than two films reached
to the small USB port
give a no means that one can also a dvd player for example
connect
um and take the video and then give out on the video glasses
little stars ads for 2d and 3d he'll tell me something else
and so a little Threat Dalton stops the volume
a switch and a line out for headphones if you do not have the
around
Headphones who want to turn on the glasses are
that's the glasses themselves
I would have wished for the processing a bit Worcester
so it's about
This is from the classical theater to the graphics and that
that one could not have done better otherwise the heirs can do that though
not good it has zoom little small rubber studs here in the ear
Clamp and thereby a relatively tight sit the glasses has Robert Kromm down
It will not be that hard on the face on the UBP's face
addressed headphones can be flexibly set
around the tongue small nose holder
It can also be changed depending on what Nasemann has and the same
which can be the sharpness of each image for the left and
Right eye jump in
The whole thing then works so that you can get the iPod Touch in this case
slides into this device
to Dr
You look at the state forest of the kit
and both will be released any video material
what the iPod is about
m outputs
or even such stories as per video when you're percent video
Metz has around in the cup network, for example
then on
thereby the video output
on the glasses I do not just allow one
Play video podcast here now
the volume can be over this Threats
regulate
and then the trailer will appear
ETR Latif around
Large picture Ortegas percent
Picture so if you put the glasses on and looks at the ceiling percent
is already as well as a large TV in mind to have already relatively network
No to the application fields, according to article still say a lot
I want the glasses to sit quite well
I would have liked better processing
and by 30 points enteilt relatively heftige 4 euro the bridge can also at
The test is really source material YouTube is indeed at the forefront of it
is a few examples of Melzer Verra who the act quite nicely
But let's see what the cinema and the percent content providers should be in
conjure up next time
prepared for the Brassens